[docs] Add manual build (#98)
OpenBAS-Platform/docs: docs/deployment/installation.md

    You can now go to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) and log in with the credentials configured in your `application.properties` file.

#### Build the application locally

1. cd openbas-front yarn build
2. cp -r builder/prod/* ../openbas-api/src/main/resources/static/ 
3. cd ../openbas-api
4. mvn clean install -DskipTests

> 5. create an application.properties based on the existing on in openbas-api and filled all mandatory fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. create an application.properties based on the existing one in openbas-api and fill all the mandatory fields
```
